---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

The first week began with a tour of the Jennie Smoly Caruthers Biotechnology Building at CU Boulder which is where Dr. Peleg’s lab is located. I discussed with Danielle Chase, a postdoctoral fellow in Peleg’s lab that I am working closely with, her research with honeybee swarms, what I should expect to work on throughout the summer, and resources to learn more about the foundational topics in our research and Dr. Peleg’s research. I also downloaded Slicer which is software that is used to label x-ray images of the honeybees. The next day, Daniella gave a Slicer tutorial using a small dataset consisting of a cubed portion of an x-ray image of the honeybee swarm. I continued to label the honeybees on Slicer throughout the week. The purpose of the labeling is to create training data for the neural network to learn what is a bee and what is not a bee in the x-ray images.

---
layout: post
title2: Week 2
---

I started Week 2 by downloading JupyterLab on my personal computer. I will be using JupyterLab as the interface to develop code for the neural network. I continued working on labeling the honeybees on Slicer until I had a completed labeled cube. I conducted a preliminary analysis of the image data that is the input to the neural network which consisted of creating histograms at different thresholds to view the different outputs of sizes/number of pixels vs. number of connected components, creating a 3D visualization of my labeled data using Napari, and creating a histogram of my labeled data plotting the sizes/number of pixels vs. number of components/number of bees (it is essentially a histogram of the different bee sizes in my labeled data). I then extensively reviewed over step-by-step the neural network code with Danielle.
