---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

I continued working on labeling the small swarm on Slicer throughout Week 8 and created a Small Swarm Analysis Journal to document the plots and data outputted by my small swarm analysis code.

I had signed up to present the work I have done thus far to the Peleg lab. The lab presentation was scheduled for Thursday this week. As a result, I had a meeting with Danielle to examine my work and have any questions I had regarding the presentation answered.
- Reviewed over my Small Swarm Analysis Journal and discussed what each result meant in the context of the honeybees and swarm
- Decided what research concentration to focus on for the remainder of my summer: small swarm visualization and data analysis (we decided that I should experiment with ParaView to try to create a 3D visualization of the small swarm that resembles the visualization in a paper by Nijjer et al. of bacteria on biofilms)
- Conferred about what content I should cover in my presentation to the Peleg lab

I then created the slides for my presentation to cover my goals/purposes, labeling in Slicer, neural networks, analysis of the small swarm through visualizations, and future plans. I developed an initial rough attempt at creating a 3D visualization of the small swarm in Paraview. While the visualization allowed me to envision the swarm at different perspectives, it lacked realism, shadowing, and solid shapes for the bees (the bees were represented by multiple lines forming their shapes). On Thursday, I presented my slides alongside Nina, another DREU participant I collaborated with. After the presentation, the Peleg lab gathered for coffee at the building's cafe.

To wrap up the week, Danielle toured Nina and me around the lab where the bee experiments are conducted and the apiary where the bee hives are located at.
