---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

Week 10 was conducted remotely. During this time, I worked to complete the labeling of the small swarm on Slicer. However, due to the time-intensive nature of the process, I was only able to have a partially labeled small swarm by the end of the week. I also focused on refining my 3D visualization of the bees on Paraview by experimenting with various methods at scaling the ellipsoids to match the size of the bees on Slicer. Over the course of six attempts, I identified two methods that produced the best results.
1. Using personal discretion to manually determine which ellipsoid x, y, and z radius dimensions yieled the most similar bee visualizations
2. Scaling the ellipsoids based on data from the segmented bees in the segmentation file. I first calculating the average x, y, and z radius dimensions. I then took a slice of the generated small swarm visualization and noted how some of the ellipsoids overlapped, which is not possible in an actual swarm. As a result, I reduced each dimension by a factor of 0.7 to prevent overlap. 
I compiled all my code and visualizations into a Google Drive folder and created a document that explained what each file contained and its results/purposes. I had a Zoom meeting with Danielle where we discussed all of my work and any final details she needed me to include in my documentation.

This experience has truly truly been a great experience. I learned a lot about how to apply the skills I gained in the classroom in a research setting and discovered my interest in learning about data analysis through visualizations. I am grateful to my mentors at CU Boulder and the DREU program for providing me with this incredible opportunity.
